I'm just saying if I see one more
picture of Ed Begley Jr in that stupid
electric car I want to shoot myself and
we don't get me wrong I'm not against
environmental issues per se it's just
that guy I can't believe you'd rather go
out with him than me you excuse me
please I'm trying to have a date here
I'm just stop thinking about me can't do
it can you
so I'm thinking about you so what I
don't get it what are you seeing this
guy anyway huh tends to be very nice guy
I mean come on buddy get a real car
Rachel come on give us a chance it's too
hot
no no what because it might get weird
for everyone else who cares about them
this is about us look right I've been in
love with you since like the ninth grade
Ross you're like my best friend are you
if we broke up and then lost you what
makes you think we're gonna break up
well have you been involved with someone
where you haven't broken up
no but it only has to happen once look
you and I both know we are perfect for
each other right I mean so the only
question is are you attracted to me
I don't know I mean I've never looked at
you that way before we'll start looking
Wow exactly you just know I'm gonna be
the guy caught behind his hammerhead in
traffic
alright ok you're right you know what
what I forgot I'm supposed to pick up a
friend at the airport I am so sorry I'm
so if you want to stay and finish your
drinks please do sorry I gotta go I'm
sorry but
for me
for God's sake way to let it go
there's no Rachel
oh I got that from
I cannot wait you to me my friends
really mmm I think they'll judge and
ridicule me no no they will I just can't
wait come on they're gonna love you